ULPT - If you are ever shopping in a supermarket and a kid bites you, be load and swear a lot, if the parent comes over to you angry for upsetting their kid, claim that he bit you and that you are HIV positive. This will traumatise the parent and make them be more responsible with their kid.
ULPT: Practice talking/texting with uglier girls first so it's easier when it comes to speaking with prettier ones.
ULPT: Always keep a broken flatscreen tv, laptop and phone in your car. If you ever have a car accident you can claim them all on insurance.
ULPT: If you're going to slash someone's tires use a small drill bit instead so the air comes out while they're driving and they get stranded
ULPT: if you want to sacrifice a black cat for Halloween, adopt if now because many animal shelters won't allow you to do this in October.
ULPT: Better your odds of winning a silent auction at a lower price by taking all the pens
ULPT: Surrounded by noisy kids when you're trying to have a conversation? Just raise your voice and say "They said it's ok if kids approach me, I'm just not allowed to approach them." The parents are more likely to move them away from you.
ULPT: On a budget and feeling humanitarian? Order a McChicken, drop it by accident, ask for a free replacement, pick up the other McChicken from the ground. Now you have 1 McChicken for yourself and 1 McChicken to give to a homeless person for the price of 1 McChicken.
ULPT: Want free drinks at the club? Hang around the bar and wait for someone to order from a tab. Show the bartender your phone with the message "I'm deaf, one *drink* on *name*'s tab." They'll never question it (they can't).
ULPT: If someone hits the unsubscribe button on your company’s marketing emails, send them even more. That person is actually reading them.
ULPT: Want to go to a concert for free? Get a orange construction vest and a hard hat, walk into the construction/staff entrance. Enjoy the show.
ULPT: don't like waiting in lines at government and other buildings? There's usually a quicker line for disabled people. Buy a walker or cane. It'll pay for itself in time saved.
ULPT: Buy a dozen fresh doughnuts from your local Save-On Foods etc. Ring them through as 2 doughnuts. Self checkout doesn't check weight
ULPT: Want your child to clean the house? Convince them that you hate the sound of vacuum and make them mad at you whenever the house is dirty
ULPT: Pizza place calls back before delivery. Give incorrect number by one digit, call back after delivery window, say they must have taken it down wrong and get order for free.
ULPT: Want to upgrade your electronics for free every year? Buy from Costco and return them every 3 months. You'll be able to upgrade to the new model whenever it comes out, no questions asked.
ULPT: If you are a restaurant owner, make sure that all of the employees fill all of the beverages to the top with ice before serving. The restaurant will save a ton of money on soda that they would otherwise pay for.
ULPT: Want an almost guaranteed way to get out of a ticket if you're pulled over? Go to a military surplus store and buy a military uniform top and keep it somewhere visible in your car. Over 80% of all cops are prior service and will usually give you a break if they think you're in the military.
ULPT: Don't waste money on dog toys or leashes just take them from the lost and found at dog parks.
ULPT: get a free hotel room from AirBnB by booking a location then calling customer service and telling them that it's 10-12 miles away from the town that you specifically searched for. They'll cancel it, free of charge, then put you up in a hotel closer to where you wanted to be.
ULPT: When it's time for your annual vehicle safety inspection, get it done on the 1st of the following month after it expires (meaning if it expires in Jan, get it done Feb 1st. That way you have a whole extra month than if you would have gotten it in Jan.
ULPT Use a email generator to sign up for free trials
ULPT To get cheaper electronics, find a store that does returns AND open box discounts. Buy your item, open it, return it, then come back a few days later and buy the item again.
ULPT: If you live in a very rural area order a Leesa mattress and then return it. If they can't find a Goodwill or Salvation Army near by they tell you to set it out with your trash and take a picture of it by the curb. Then you get your money refunded and keep the mattress.
ULPT: Fill a travel size shampoo bottle filled with gasoline up your ass, whenever you are in a bind just squeeze and light a lighter for a easy to carry flamethrower
